Adding git steps to MFA Enforcement page (#7546)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-enable-mfa-enforcement.md

The `ssh-cert:load` command generates the SSH certificate and installs it in the SSH agent of the local user.

> {:.bs-callout-tip}

Reviewer: Did you remove this on purpose?

Author: Yes, it is inaccurate as written.  Even with an api token generate, you still need to generate an SSH certificate.

   web@mymagento.0:~$
   ```
   
   
## Clone code using SSH with 2FA

> Cloud projects authenticate to the Git repository over SSH.  Projects with MFA enabled require an SSH certificate to be generated to perform operations on the Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When managing source code for {{site.data.var.ece}} projects, you use SSH to authenticate to the Git repository for the project.  If your project has  MFA enforcement enabled, you must generate an SSH certificate before you can perform command line operations using the Git repository.
```

 
{:.procedure}
To connect using SSH with 2FA user account credentials:

> 1. Log in to your {{site.data.var.ece}} account and authenticate using 2FA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your {{site.data.var.ece}} account and authenticate using 2FA.

   {:.bs-callout-info}
   If you do not have 2FA enabled on your account, you must enable it. See [Enable 2FA on {{ site.data.var.ece }} accounts]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/user-admin.html#enable-2fa-for-cloud-accounts).
   
```

1. On your local workstation, use the CLI to generate the SSH certificate.

   ```bash
   magento-cloud ssh-cert:load
   ```

   ```terminal
   Generating SSH certificate...
     Expires at: 2020-07-13T15:28:13-04:00
     Multi-factor authentication: verified
     Mode: interactive
   The certificate will be automatically refreshed when necessary.
   Checking SSH configuration file: /Users/<user-name>/.ssh/config
   Do you want to update the file automatically? [Y/n] Y
   Configuration file updated successfully: /Users/<user-name>/.ssh/config
   ```
   

> 1. Clone the Git repository of your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the Git repository for your project environment:
```

When MFA enforcement is enabled on a {{site.data.var.ece}} project, automated processes that require SSH access to a Cloud environment must authenticate using an API token.

> The API token allows the SSH connection request to bypass the user authentication flow that requires a 2FA token and SSH certificate. You generate the token from a {{site.data.var.ece}} account with Admin or Contributor access on the project.

Reviewer: Perhaps this should have at the end -- You must generate the token after logging  into the account using 2FA credentials.

Author: Sure, will add that portion back.
